Usage: peerpaste [OPTIONS]

Start a PeerPaste peer in server mode (the default) or in client mode (using
the --send-to or --receive-from options). When connected to another peer,
data may be copied & pasted between them using a secure encrypted channel.
The other peer is currently expected to be the PeerPaste mobile app, since
sharing of encryption keys involves scanning a QR code displayed on the
desktop screen.

Stop the server by typing ^C, or terminate it with the kill command if you
are running it in the background.

OPTIONS:
    --version
		Print the software version and exit.
    --help
		Print this help text and exit.
    --name NAME
		Use NAME as the name of the local machine for service
		discovery purposes. The default is the local hostname of
		the first non-loopback network address found at runtime.
    --send-to TARGET
		Run as a client and send data to the peer with the
		service name TARGET.
    --receive-from TARGET
		Run as a client and receive data from the peer with the
		service name TARGET.
    --paste VALUE
		Use VALUE for the data to send, instead of the local clipboard.
    --interface INTERFACE
		Only consider the network interface named INTERFACE when
		determining the default values for ADDRESS and NAME.
		Useful when there are multiple network interfaces and the
		algorithm picks the unintended one for service advertising.
    --address ADDRESS
		Use IP address ADDRESS for the advertised service.
		The default is the first address of the first non-loopback
		and non-linklocal interface found at runtime.
    --port PORT
		Use port number PORT for the advertised service.
		The default is a port number randomly chosen by the OS.
    --debug-level LEVEL
		Print debug messages to stderr if LEVEL > 0.
    --aa LCD_TYPE
		Adjust subpixel antialiasing on graphical Linux desktops.
		Note: no such adjustment is needed for non-Linux platforms.
		The possible values for LCD_TYPE are:
		    lcd_hrgb
		    lcd_hbgr
		    lcd_vrgb
		    lcd_vbgr
		    lcd — same as lcd_hrbg
		    default — revert to Java's default, which may or may not
		              be no antialiasing at all.
		Use this option if you are running on a Linux desktop and if
		graphics look either jagged (no antialiasing) or a bit fuzzy
		(grayscale-only antialiasing).
